Hey guys I hope you guys are really enjoying the course.
And you know if you like what you see here that I keep adding material and you know keep learning you
know don't forget to go and make a review for the course that will help me lie motivate me even more
to make more features for you guys.
Remember these are requests from users.
So you made a request and now I'm doing it.
So it's worth it guys.
It takes work.
So let's get going here.
One of the things that I want to do is go go back to the next spots that we're working on users now
for you know our personal data for a regular subscriber we don't use this box here.
We don't have that.
So let's take it off.
OK.
So ongoing two way says users I'm going to take that off completely now but when I do that if I refresh
it's going to break my stuff is going to break my chart.
And the reason why he's going to do that is because now this number's very we'll see are not available.
So going to take this subscriber in the user count variables and going to take their names out.
And I'm going to make sure that I did my loop because now we are showing 6 instead of 8.
And that shoe fits it yeah.
There we go.
And those boxes are kind of small it's making bigger So let's go in history here let's make it for let's
make this four and let's make this four for now we will back and we refresh.
That should be better.
Now four categories.
We don't have some type we don't have an ID for categories.
If I go back here and I click on categories we can see that categories don't have anything that we can
you know the tech that they belong to the user.
Why don't we add something to it.
Let's add another table called Let's make it after the card ID and you are going to make this bigger
so you can see what I'm doing.
So that's going to be after that I'm going to call this user id just like that.
And that's it not the big now.
If I go back to those those categories I can insert a user id I'm going to say twenty eight and one
is going to belong to a different user Maria.
And they're doing OK.
OK.
So now let's graph this.
From here let's plug it in.
Right here and it's safe function.
I was going to say funky
get all ears or categories to ragwort go
and we're going to be doing something very similar.
This right here so from category's it's just simpler to like that.
And
we don't even need to copy that right.
Let's go back here and let's just say I think I think it was called category count
down the records on
this like that.
Hopefully that's what it is.
We come back here we're fresh.
Let's make this smaller.
You can see that I use as one category.
OK.
Because that's what we did here.
If that's the uses the slogan is if I give him another one I should say so now.
I would go to guys every time you see the page refresh on do with my keyboard just think as you think
this is like a live refresh.
You know it's not as command our control.
OK.
Now we need to jump to the next charts right here OK.
So we they're going to do that and that's lecture's try to do it yourself.
Guys try to do what I'm doing and see if you can do a couple yourself.
So you in the next lecture.